Horizontal Plotting using widgets (#3140)
hyperspy/hyperspy: doc/user_guide/visualisation.rst

.. _plot.customize_navigator:

> .. versionadded:: 2.0.0
>    ``plot_style`` keyword argument to allow for "horizontal" or "vertical" plotting when using the `ipympl` or
> `widget` backends. A default value can also be set using
> :ref:`HyperSpy plot preferences <configuring-hyperspy-label>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 2.0.0
   ``plot_style`` keyword argument to allow for "horizontal" or "vertical" plotting when using the
   `ipympl` or `widget` backends. A default value can also be set using
   :ref:`HyperSpy plot preferences <configuring-hyperspy-label>`.
```

>    ``plot_style`` keyword argument to allow for "horizontal" or "vertical" plotting when using the
>    `ipympl` or `widget` backends. A default value can also be set using
>    :ref:`HyperSpy plot preferences <configuring-hyperspy-label>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``plot_style`` keyword argument to allow for "horizontal" or "vertical" alignment of subplots (e.g. navigator 
   and signal) when using the `ipympl` or `widget` backends. A default value can also be set using the
   :ref:`HyperSpy plot preferences <configuring-hyperspy-label>`.
```
